Pushpendra Singh: Hello! I hope everybody
Rajat Verma,WUD: you can hear me and you any. Good afternoon, everyone.
Ajay Singh Rana: What about them, sir?
Pushpendra Singh: All right. So I would just like to mention that recording is on. So
Pushpendra Singh: we are all great, all set, Phillip. So I think, in the next two minutes, when two a broader starts we can start.
Manu Narain: Good afternoon, everyone.
Sanmitra C: Good afternoon.
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: So good afternoon. Good morning, depending on
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: wherever you are in the build you
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: it's my pleasure on behalf of uh
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: the partner universities of this project
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: to welcome all of you
Sanjay Gupta, WUD: to the final conference